Comparison with MASQUE proxy (#10)
boucadair/draft-xxx-ac-rate-policy-discovery: draft-brw-sconepro-rate-policy-discovery.md

* **Does not impact the MTU tweaking**: No packet overhead is required.
* **Does not suffer from side effects of multi-layer encryption schemes** on the packet processing and overall performance of involved network nodes. Such issues are encountered, e.g., with the tunneled mode or long header packets in the forwarded QUIC proxy mode {{?I-D.ietf-masque-quic-proxy}}.
* **Does not suffer from nested congestion control** for tunneled proxy mode.
* **Does not incur multiple round-trips** in the forwarding mode for the client to start sending Short Header packets.
* **Does not incur the overhead of unauthenticated re-encryption of QUIC packets** in the scramble transform of the forwarding mode.
* **Does not impact the forwarding peformance of network nodes**. For example, the proxy forwarded mode {{?I-D.ietf-masque-quic-proxy}} requires rewriting connection identifiers; that is, the performance degradation will be at least equivalent to NAT.
* **Does not suffer from the complications of IP address sharing {{?RFC6269}}**. Such issues are likely to be experienced for proxy-based solutions that multiplex internal connections using one or more external IP addresses.

> * **Does not suffer from penalizing the proxy** which could serve both good and bad clients (e.g., launching L7 DDoS attacks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Does not suffer from penalizing the proxy** which could serve both good and bad clients (e.g., launching Layer 7 DDoS attacks).
```
